the classical approach to outbound is
dead I think a lot of us have been
saying that in sales the vendors are
great because they're much more
sophisticated platforms but that old
Playbook of just load up a database with
the same freaking email is dead and I
think most of us believe it's not it's
it it's not dead but it's the the the
yield is really low and I think what I
meant to say by that is
that AI is blowing that up we're all
getting a trillion AI emails and they're
terrible but they're actually better
than the ones the human sent I got a DM
from an SDR today dear Jason will you be
at SAS today what time shall we meet
this is a human driven one this is the
quality of an SDR today that is that's
what I mean is that is dead slow at the
Frack down re stop with the dumb emails
please welcome Jason Lin founder and CEO
at
saster thank you everyone for being here
so this is great thank you for coming
back it's I'm not sure how much time we
have but this has become to the extent
that I can help this kind of closing am
become a little tradition maybe just a
couple few notes first maybe just more
stuff for folks that have been multiple
times we've been doing saster annual in
September since that little bug went
around in 2021 it was great we did it in
September because September 2021 was the
first week we were allowed to do it in
fact Sano County was the only County in
2021 that leted us do an event we've
tested 5,000 people three times a day it
was pretty fun so we did September for 3
years but September kind of sucks
there's way too much going on there's
dream Force there's inbound there's a
million things so we're moving back
we'll be in May 13th to the 15th May is
the earliest we can do it that this
venue is open indoor outdoor so plan a
little early I think it'll be better
there's less going on it'll be more fun
and saster tickets are always relative
they're not cheap but compared to
anything else they're cheap but if you
want super cheap ones you can buy them
today on SAS anal.com like they're
literally more than half off if you buy
them like this week at sanal so May 13
the 15th it'll be fun and just maybe
just a couple nerdy things that are
interesting to folks that have been part
of saster for a while this event in some
ways the attendance is a pulse of SAS
and it is interesting what the numbers
show the raw attendance is about 103% of
last year just a tiny bit up it's that's
both are great in an Ideal World maybe
it would be bigger but it's pretty
interesting that it's up but the mix is
pretty different of the people here of
that 103% CEOs and Founders up about
150% of last year folks from other
countries are up as you can probably
tell it's always been diverse in 2021
the act as crazy it was we were in 2021
the United States was locked down it was
all Americans in 2021 I think this year
it's a majority of folks outside of the
US so that's fun so Founders and cosos
are up overall C CMOS C ccos are up
because we've had three 200 plus uh
Summits here for CCO CR we're going to
do that bigger next year and integrate
them more with everybody so look for a
thousand extra CMOS ceros and ccos to
meet next year that worked well so
that's those are good overall numbers
Founders are good sea levels are good
BCS are about 60% of last year about 60%
this saster it it's not designed we have
a VC Lounge we do stuff it's not unlike
something that's not designed for VCS
but it's traditionally been a magnet for
VCS because of the concentration of
Founders down 40% I could hypothesize
why what is clear no matter what you
read even great we love all the carded
data I quote it on saster all the time
the aggregate data says VC is back it's
on fire you heard that from tamas and
others but not really it's as we said in
the opener it's back but it's different
and while YC is as hot as ever right I
talked to two YC Founders in this batch
that got 40 VC offers this week and the
batch hasn't even started yet so that's
hot portions of AI are so hot that like
hair is getting singed off
Founders but a lot of folks in Venture
even though it doesn't look like it
they're they don't have money to invest
they're struggling to raise another fund
they're sitting on the sidelines they've
slowed it down they're worried
and I think how true is that I didn't
know how true that was until this week
but attendance is down it's only 60% of
last year I think that's if you really
want to know what the vibe is for
Venture for real forget about the actual
hard data thank you carda but forget out
the hard data what's the reality of the
human data it's about 60% or down 40%
that's still down so it's just something
to think on so that is down and then a
couple other interesting things there
are more cosos Founders and c x the the
the individual contributors the managers
that that they're not our core audience
but they love SAS the ones that really
want it not the Reps working 10 hours a
week from home for jobs but the ones you
want to hire right the ambitious ones
the that group is down a bit this year
that wor I'm worried about the next I'm
not worried about us there's more of us
than ever I'm a little worried about the
kids I'm a little worried about the kids
because that group is down which we
talked about in the opener and then the
last point I'll make even though overall
it's up this was the first year we
missed our inclusion goals here and for
folks that have been here for a while we
were the first people that that I knew
of to have aggressive inclusion goals
for underrepresented Founders here we I
think we started in 2017 I think I
realized that we had to have 50% women
speakers and as many diverse folks we
mostly hit our speaker goals this year I
think we came just under 50% women which
we shouldn't have but I think we were
like 60s something per less represented
speakers but the weird thing was for
attendees we put a lot of money and
energy into our inclusion program we had
about 30% less takers than last year 30%
so I think I hope that this is a little
bit more representative and diverse
environment than your average bro Tech
event I hope that it is but I'm
disappointed on many levels that despite
10,000 tweets probably a half million or
more invested that goal we didn't
achieve even though we've achieved it
since 2017 and I could hypothesize why
but it's something I'm going to reflect
on because I think overall I folks feel
free to challenge me but I I think
overall Tech cares less about inclusion
and being representative than it did two
years ago it cared it cared I think more
in 20 March 2020 when we shut down the
world than it cared today and then there
was a Revival in 2020 when it was on
fire and then there there may be a lot
of reasons and I'm not here to even take
any to have any politics in it but I
think we all know that as leaders that
the more diverse our teams are the
stronger they are on all vectors the
more so Soo economic the more gender the
more background the more countries
you're from I know when I was a Founder
for the first time my co-founder who was
uh a Palestinian Lebanese Refugee female
we she and I came up with only two rules
we wouldn't hire anybody from either
Coast we didn't want anyone entitled in
our company so I was the only white male
of some privilege in our original team
of 14 we had folks from everywhere from
Vietnam and Mexico and everything and I
don't know I think the Bay Area is the
the place of SAS I would hire from here
but what I learned from that experience
we didn't know what we were doing as the
first time founder when she and I did
that our company was so resilient being
that diverse it was Unstoppable we did
things that were actually were thought
to be scientifically impossible C could
I do I think it's all because we were
from 11 countries and had two out of
three women on our founding team I I
don't know but I know that extreme
diversity made us just resilient no
matter what and I worry as we've moved
away from this that we're more brittle
and it is easier to work with uh folks
that look like you and that were in your
dorm and I think it's okay for your
co-founder to be your best friend but I
worry that we are building BRD startups
and have forgotten and I don't have the
answers but I'm bummed that this is the
first year we missed that goal and I'm
going to try harder next year but to be
honest but just between us I don't know
how much more I could do I don't know
how many more emails I can send we I
don't know how many folks that came to
our inclusion last year that we asked to
bring a friend that we asked to share it
I can't tell you have any more leaders
in Tech I asked about 20 I I'll end it
here I asked about 20 cosos and Founders
and CTO in TCT to help us with the
inclusion program this year okay you
know how many offered to help one dares
Shaw from HubSpot said he would fund the
entire thing next year the entire
freaking thing the entire freaking thing
yeah so tweet that out okay he didn't
make a big yell and I said do it next
year where you can help us he said just
tell me what the check is and how I can
promote it and bless his fraking soul
been disaster many times the only one so
some so love the founder Vibe founder
power Founders here more than ever more
C- level Executives come back next year
there'll be even more C- level execs to
do BC is interesting um little worried
about the Next Generation I think we all
have to do more in inclusion those are
my learnings for this year and I could
go another but I think that's it so
anyone wants any questions or anything
let me know how we can what we want to
chat about hi I'm Victor early stage
founder B2B SAS two questions one you
mentioned earlier outbound might be dead
yes how would you advise a company in my
situation to find the first 30 uh
customers the second question is in your
data yes you only get one but what's the
second one yeah remote work does it work
for ous company should it all be in an
office do you have any data how we
should it start look those are fun
topics the first one is I think I did
write on I think I wrote on saster I'm
not a clickbait guy I like fun titles
and fun images I'm not a clickbait guy
but I did write something like that that
maybe was exaggerated a little bit I I
think what I meant to say and wrote was
that the classical approach to outbound
is dead I think a lot of us have been
saying that in sales that the old
classic spam cadences I invested in
sales off pre-revenue I watched it
happen and mixmax and others watch
Outreach that Playbook has the vendors
are great because they're much more
sophisticated platforms but that old
Playbook of just load up a database with
the same freaking email is dead and I
think most of us believe it's not it's
it's not dead but it's the the the yield
is really low
and I think what I meant to say by that
is
that AI is blowing that up we're all
getting a trillion AI emails and they're
terrible but they're actually better
than the ones the humans sent that
terrible I got that I got an email I got
a DM from an SDR today dear Jason M will
you be at SAS today what time shall we
meet this is a human driven one this is
the quality of an SDR today that is
that's what I mean is that is dead what
are they this who trains this person
okay so when I get the SDR emails
they're with AI they're better than that
they're like hey Jason I'm so proud of
this it's but you can see that they all
sound the same under the hood but what I
mean is because they're better than that
crappy human I got today and because
software will send it we are already
being inundated in SDR fam and we're
being inundated in LinkedIn comments
that are fake and now that's spread to
Twitter and x and all of my I get a lot
of engagement on LinkedIn if you ever
see I get hundreds of comments now 70%
are AI right so it's destroying this old
Cadence that used to work that's what I
meant to say
now what I also said was that through
all of the history of time of software
back to the early tools of the 1700s and
the early 1800s on those really early
computers of those four-bit computers in
the 1820s selling software finding
someone
through a carrier pigeon parchment email
today at the exact moment when they have
a problem and Sol sending them the
solution has always worked it has always
worked and I remember when I was first
assass founder I didn't I'd never done
outbound i' done i' done like seven
figure deal pick up the phone for huge
deals but I'd never done this type of
outbound that we do and then I was at
dream Force actually which is next week
and we had a customer panel and we had
the C of success factors which is bought
by sap so big part of sap today and and
he life how did I find Adobe sign Echo
sign was last week of the quarter and my
damn sales team I couldn't take them
standing by the fax machine anymore and
I got an email from you Jason at right
the right time like me that was my head
of marketing that sent it from me but
literally the busiest Zero running to
public SAS company any other time it
would have got been H but he had that
moment that day he needed his problem
solved he had to close this deal he
could not stand it this was the early
day of e signatures and he bought that
day a public company right so that type
of outbounds slow it the Frack down re
stop with the dumb emails if you want to
get something is you so let's if you're
trying to get something off the ground
be honest first do you have a 10x
feature do you have one because your
product if it's early is feature poor
bug ridden slow and does
nothing no one needs your product unless
you have a 10x feature what is 10 times
better and then figure out a hundred
folks for real slow it down spend a week
a month if you need to research a 100
folks that you think have that 10x
problem and spend an hour each writing
them the email an hour research that
email for an hour right hey Jason at
saster I was at saster annual I saw you
had this issue around some of the
networking complaints I did it I'm not
trying to do this I can solve this one
problem for you today here's how the
tool Works here's how we did it for your
competitor here's how we did it for
someone else in your industry I can
solve this for you today and if you're
busy I will do all the onboarding for
you I will do all the onboarding for you
are you interested if that my top
problem I will take that email I can't
tell you for me now I I'm not a typical
customer I get an email a month from
someone that actually can solve one of
sas's top five problems that one gets
responded to I often follow follow
forward it to Amilia who runs saster but
that one gets in that gets responded in
minutes and the last the related obvious
point
is there's so many
tools there's reasons that booths work
because buyers come here there's reasons
that digital advertising works it all
works but praise the Lord that email is
an open system that people still use you
can reach if you do it
right you can reach any executive with
email I was with Andrew Baki CEO of
clavio 8 billion dollar company
yesterday someone grabbed him I said
Andrew you don't he was swarmed I'm like
no I'll talk to this one guy the guy
gave him a pitch he gave him his
personal email he said email me about it
email works email works but it's got to
be great it has to be great and 99.99%
of the sales emails we get are automated
or me mediocre or automated end mediocre
and AI because AI is making it better
it's making it worse because there'll be
a hundred times
more mediocre but not terrible email
we're being flooded with them that are
almost good and it's not going to work
but boy any I'm we forget the point of
outbound is not to get I hate this Vibe
of so many sales teams have their sdrs
judged by how many folks they can get on
the phone I don't know about you but it
it is it was always true but it
accelerated the last two years whatever
it is with CR and BB sales are like
we're going to judge s by calls I get so
many I will outbound to a vendor that I
will buy from okay there I forget there
was a tool I literally would just buy
that second a couple weeks ago I
outbound is we have to get on the phone
to talk about it no what I mean is these
interactions are crappy make that email
so good then slow it down then this is
the trick to pitching BCS too here's the
thing at the end of the day this always
work find the hundred people that will
really buy it from you and then slow it
down make the best email and then before
you hit send and no SDR on planet Earth
does this but Founders can slow it the
hell down and look at this email and say
would I buy my product based on this
email be honest just a fraking email
because clearly with this guy at sap I I
didn't even write the email marketer but
clearly said are you struggling with
your sales reps at the end of the
quarter is it taking them hours are you
unable to find the deal would you like
something that can be signed and pushed
into Salesforce in 3 seconds his answer
was it was a great email right no one
writes that green Amo I read all of them
and and forward the ones I get right so
no slow it down is no one asks is this
email good enough to sell the company on
its own how many SDR emails have folks
ever got into the room where you would
buy the product based on the email
alone it's one a quarter if you're lucky
because they're all crappy do that and
and I'll give you one last story and it
turns out I know it's not what you ask
it's the same story for Venture Capital
right I published on saster so I've done
maybe 10 investments from that Founders
cold emailed me people say cold email
doesn't work for investment many folks
don't like it okay I invested in the the
first one was a pipe drive from a coldo
that sold for 1.5 billion I coolled the
seed okay I did algolia which is G IPO
it's a 240 million from a cold email
then the next one was a talk test
they're worth 10 billion that was a cold
email okay the fourth one was Greenhouse
for 800 million I knew them the fifth
deal I did was sales off it exited for
$2.3 billion from aold email okay I just
did one last week the tech runch wrote
up that I Tech runch wrot up that I
invested from a cold email in this
company called manglan okay and I wrote
a whole thing on S I asked David saaks
Keith R boy alen Lee sael from how do
they and they all said here are the type
of cold emails we like to work but they
have to be great the reason I invest off
cold emails is because it's not the one
that says do you want coffee or I saw
you at saster or one of you free or I'm
in paloalto it's like the email is so
good like I want to invest before I get
below the
fold and I and if you want to see some
VC examples I wrote an Old Post two
email cold emails I funded for millions
and cosos of talkes and mapistry let me
publish their emails when I show these
to Founders and they read them they're
like yeah I would fun though I don't
know much about invest but yeah so make
your product email as good as those two
okay so that ramble answer and then I'll
give you one last little anecdote and
hopefully that's enough for the two so
I'll tell you I I got this as a Founder
right and then I remember we were
acquired by Adobe and I was a VP or an
SVP but my boss was like an EVP okay and
he had had 11 VPS reporting to me he had
two secretaries surrounded him in his
corner office and he had a lot of
resources and I remember sitting next to
him in our eaff meeting and I'm like
Jesus how do you at your I'm just
curious because I've never worked in a
Fortune 500 tech company with it how do
you handle all the emails you get and
I'm watching him with his laptop he
didn't get that many a lot okay but my
point is people don't go direct to him
or had filters ITA my point is even this
not the COO of adobe but one level down
if you sent him the right email and it
was great he was going to sit there in
our staff meeting and open it right
there it's magical so WR that email
works in 2024
2014 2004
1994 probably not before email was
invented but thanks for the question
yeah thank
you hey Dr um I love
it basically like a business doctor yeah
so context is I work at a company that
builds a document editor and reader for
uh Enterprise clients we have a lot of
legal and Banks right now we crossed a
million AR at the start of the year
congratulations thank you not by my
doing but sales has started to slow down
and we built that business off of
Channel Partnerships as well as full
call and email so sales cycle lengthened
and core Dev team is pretty burnt out on
servicing these legal customers yeah and
remedies have been floated to continue
to grow the business by repurposing the
product for its mass market so that
would consist of like building P PG
approach and like meta ads early results
aren't very promising and I'm personally
pretty bearish on this I think there's
still a lot of stuff stuff we could do
in terms of growing our Enterprise
offering do you have any thoughts on
like how many customers do you have we
have about like 25 to 50 Enterprise
customers and we have smattering of
individual Okay small shops have you
completely exhausted your Market at 1
million year absolutely not no if you
have 25 to 50 what are the odds you can
get 50 to 100 I think very high that's
what you should do okay so just
continueing that TR I think listen
there's a chance this is wrong I've
written this many times over the years
but the biggest mistake folks make on
the Journey from 1 to 10 is the shiny
penny is finding I want something that's
easier this is too hard what if we had a
self- serve motion what if we did this
what if we did that they but maybe
growth is slowed and that's an issue and
it may be more team issue or competition
because you got to a million there's no
unless there are only 50 customers in
the entire world you have 0.001% of the
market you have found a way to get 50
there is no way on planet Earth you
cannot get to so I would atomize it and
get it to 5100 and not chase the shiny
penny should you run a few experiments
yes should you let the team do maybe one
passion project that's not too
distracting yes but you got to not we've
all anyone here that has been there in
the early days some especially the
non-believers are going to want to chase
a shiny penny I've lived it and you just
got to say guys this is what I would do
our goal I know it sounds simplistic our
goal is 2 million and literally when I
went through this last year I went
through this at the end of the day this
is now three generations ago in SAS we
went from0 to 12 in five years I thought
it was slow okay I thought it was so my
co my colleagues were Renee from Bill
they my like vesting group Aaron from
box David Sachs from Yammer Peter
gastner from viva they all grew even
faster but I thought it's was terrible 0
to 10 12 million in 5 years growing 100%
with 120% N I thought it was terrible it
was a different time we didn't know what
was good that was pretty good today
right it's not whiz good but it's pretty
good but anyhow it felt slow and and it
felt slow to my engineering team I had a
huge wall in our office on that we our
office was split quiet and Loud for
sales L for had a huge thing on the wall
and I had this stupid curve from 1 to 10
with the superhero flying and every week
I would move the superhero up the curve
2.3 million 2.32 million 2.5 million and
every week we would do a te meeting and
every quarter we would do a bigger
meeting and I would just I would
literally move this thing up the curve
it and people probably thought I was a
goofball and lame but they saw that now
the superhero was not flying as fast as
Superman this was the slowest flying
Superman going up this wall but they
could see it so maybe You' just make
project 2 million that's what I would do
Adam I is a 2 million we've got 50 guys
we can't do it and I'll give you one
last story since the end of the day
so I again we thought it was my one of
my co-founders promised my other
co-founder we would and it's my fault I
built the model okay it's actually not
his fault promised our CTO we would do 2
million our first year two generations
ago two M now some folks do two million
it's pretty hard in ass okay we ended
the year at 300,000 okay along the way
because of that my one co-founder fired
my CTO I had to run down the street and
unfire him then he quit the guy that
fired there's a lot of drama because we
didn't hit hit 2 million but I and I got
my C to come back but he was never the
same after he got fired it was too much
drama from the other co-founder but I
sat him down and then I sat him down
about 6 months later as we were coming
up on a million and he didn't think we
were growing fast enough and I know this
isn't exactly what you're saying but
maybe it's helpful I think at a million
I think we accelerated so I think in a
million maybe we're growing 60 or 70% a
year which is actually not that great
from a compounding rate right and I said
Dan you're the best engineer I've ever
worked with I I get that you're not
happy with 70 but what let's and I just
I know this sounds so basic I did a
spreadsheet if we just grow 60% a year
and then it declines so next year it's
50 and 40 at a million and then 2
million we goow 50 like that kind of
that's not that good like we'll never
freaking get there I'm like but what if
we just went from 60 to 100 okay it's
not that now let's look what the work
would take and then we would go 1 to two
to four to 8 to you know 16 to and I
almost got through to him with it and
now I look back and that was the magic
like growing that little bit faster we
eventually figured it out but if we just
been a better team if IID convinced him
that day he was so good he was so good
we built the first Salesforce
integration like this had ever been done
the whole Salesforce engineering team in
dreamforce in 2006 came over to ask him
how he did did it he built he would just
he was one of these guys who's he's one
of the chief scientists at Adobe today
he's so brilliant like cranky as F but
argue and I I'm like I hate arguing I'm
a conflict diverse argue and argue but
if I could eventually convince him he
would disappear for a week and do
something it would take five people a
year to do this is a five or a 10 and
but I couldn't get him to see this
compounding thing it was one of my many
failings so get the team to see that you
can get to two and then you know what
that's all we're going to talk about
today but if we can get to two we can
get to four and then eight and 16 and
then you know what maybe this is
actually he never thought it was worth
and in fact I failed so much that one of
the reasons we sold at 12 million was I
don't think he ever really believed it
would get big even though our team got
it to 200 million so get him to believe
so a lot a big a lot of answers to that
one thank
you D copian goco.io we're a modern
people first HRS platform for smbs very
good so my question is at this
conference and rightfully so we've seen
and heard a lot of talk
about is the SDR Dead with the Advent of
AI I think we just said it isn't dead I
think we just said the layo SDR is dying
totally yeah yeah so a lot of
conversation around that topic how do we
use AI Etc but another really important
go to market motion that I haven't heard
a lot about in this conference is the
channel Consultants influen indeed in
fact I was supposed to I wanted to spend
10 minutes with both Renee from Bill and
from clay CIO from Andrew from clavo and
I should have done it first cuz I ran
out of time the last slide for both was
talking about the channel clavo gets 40%
of its 1 billion in Revenue through
agencies and partners I don't know what
I don't know if Bill discloses it but I
do think the majority of their revenue
is influenced or comes from accountants
and others and we touched on it it's a
super important topic and we should have
done a lot a lot more of it because way
too many Founders learn the direct
motion and then they just get their ass
kicked when their competitors figure out
the channel and partner strategy right
HubSpot over 40% of the revenue comes
from partners agencies that deploy
HubSpot so if you think you're going to
compete with HubSpot and you're going to
all go direct you're going to lose the
fact that these agencies just deploy
HubSpot Shopify I don't know what it is
40 45% of the revenue from agencies okay
service now the majority of the revenue
right and Clay I wanted to ask Andrew
but I think it's in the 40s and Bill
they may not I I think at least
partially it's probably 90% right our
count our County firm I love bill but
our accounting firm put it in I no one
asked me and they required us as a
client
to use Bill and what people for the ESS
what people Miss is in the
Enterprise the accent and others will
really only partner with one or two and
they'll strongly recommend it to their
clients so if you're not the strongly
recommended one you better be badass
right because the because you're not
going to get recommended by the big fund
what and people slowly learn that
they're like ah my competitor is tight
with Accenture and they meet someone in
the Innovation team and they slowly
build a relationship that's hard enough
to figure out what they don't realize
with SM BS is that like agencies and Dev
shops they just pick one they don't have
time to learn four email marketing
Partners they don't care if something's
better than Shopify I don't care Shopify
is number one I'm a tiny team I'm a tiny
agency in downtown C I have five
employees we have e-commerce clients
we're going to learn one platform we're
going to spend years becoming Shopify
exess we don't really care if your
product's better and and I know I'll let
you finish your question if you watch I
did a video with Brian Halligan who
who's chairman westo of of HubSpot a
week before a snowmobile accident in
2021 crazy story but it was right during
lockdown he'd in Vermont working
remotely in his Lumber shirt living
living the dream we all were during
lockdown and watched his video of him
they were just crossing a million it was
so good he was so direct everyone was
briefly at peace after the drama
subsided and but then the markets went
up it was a moment when life was easy
and I asked him Brian how much of a mode
is it that all that 45% of your Revenue
comes from agencies and partners he
literally laughs almost like milk out of
the nose laugh Hees big a mode as you
could
imagine so I know I'll let you finish
your question but we should have talked
more about it it and I meant for my two
and particularly for my sessions it was
0.9 in both of them and I screwed up and
didn't get to 0. n to everybody the one
bit of advice I would have is if you're
selling
direct if nothing else use public
companies use SAS 5 interesting
learnings learn what folks in your
industry and segment are doing through
partners and channel and start doing it
as much as you can now copy it learn
from it skate around it dance around it
because in many of your industries
you'll start off dir and you'll start
off from early adopters and folks that
find you in Tech and they find you in
Google and that's great but it's not
it's often less than half of your world
and if you get boxed out because your
competitor owns a Channel or partner
sometimes it's almost game over like
HubSpot it's almost game over here's the
one thing I have learned clavio kind of
pioneered aan Shopify with this agency
model Shopify took off with these
agencies it boxed out big Commerce and
Magento and all these others all this it
just catered to these small shops okay
maybe we'll get Toby here to explain how
it happened okay clavio copied it they
they copied it and then I invested in a
company called gorgus which is like
clavo for contact center it's coming up
100 million they copied clavio okay they
literally hired a guy that had done this
in the Shopify ecosystem and importantly
they didn't just hire a guy they hired
someone that was badass and here's the
here's my one learning from this one
case study it's an entirely different
department okay so they had it gorgeous
and gorgeous is coming up on 100 million
and 20,000 S&B customers and just like
for the same reason just like Shopify
and HubSpot 45% of these almost 20,000
SS come from agencies and partners and
they only do gorgeous for their help
desk they only zenes is a great
competitor there's others but these
shops don't do zenes or the other kids
they've already spent three years
learning gorgeous and they don't do
others and you need a this guy that was
the head of it was half marketer half
indirect sales he would do 200 events a
month
200 anywhere and travel to them anywhere
these agencies were no one else we're
all lazy we're all sitting in front of
our computers and this guy Phil went
constantly he built a small team
anywhere you could bring donuts anytime
there was a tiny Meetup a tiny agency
Meetup in Boulder or Pensacola Florida
because these are small businesses they
would he had a team and they did it
again and again and again and again and
it kept growing and working and they and
then once if you get a little bit of a
mini brand going right and then Shopify
would start to recommend them then you
would see triangulation they're
everywhere that are all our events and
now Shopify is telling us to use it what
are you going to start to standardize on
especially when zenes never showed up
zenes was a horizontal platform zenes is
much bigger they required for 10 billion
but zenes only recently took Shopify
seriously they had a weak integration
great company weak integration but they
were selling direct and to Big merchants
and gorgeous is running around with a
team doing 200 events a
month the big guys aren't doing it right
right so that's one way and they but
they didn't figure it out actually I
just heard the story the other day I
didn't know it he just he was pushed by
another vendor that's at$ 150 million
that told them to do it who copied clavo
who learned from Shopify so em emulate
The Playbook and dedicate enough
resources like whether you can do it the
way that ecosystem It or Not The Meta
lesson is you don't dedicate the
resources to Business Development or
Partnerships or channels it will fail a
related point you didn't ask it but
thanks for cing up that you got to have
a team to do Partnerships and channels
you got to see if your competitor are
doing a knock at boxed out a related
issue you didn't ask about but this is a
top 10 founder mistake related to it is
Partnerships and business development
and the biggest mistake and I made it
too the biggest mistake many of you will
make especially if you're passionate and
have some Huts spa and get out there is
it's Rel to is you will build those
relationships you will meet Andrew from
clavio or Renee from Bill and you will
you will get to know them and you will
build this relationship and you will
open the door and you'll build the
integration you'll get something going
and then you'll move on to the next
thing and it starts off great and it's
great but then your other competitor
comes in and puts four resources on it
and brings cookies to the office and
gets to know everyone in the enablement
organization and gets to know everyone
in the customer success organization and
even though you had even though Andrew
likes you and Renee knew you you get
boxed out you get boxed out so the
number one mistake I see with Founders
don't do this partner Channel thing they
they wait too long they screw it up and
but they're okay at initiating these
business develop Partnerships
but they don't have anyone working 120
hours a week on it three people 120
hours a week and the folks that do just
box you out it's so dumb but they bring
cookies okay they bring cookies they
have cookie teams they have cookie teams
going up there right cookie teams to
Shopify to Salesforce to zenes folks and
talk to someone that's run this Playbook
before and it sounds silly but they have
gift teams and it's dumb but if you show
up at the office just like folks try to
do with doctors and samples if you're
showing up to the office with free
samples I've never done medical I think
the doctor is more likely to use your
product than if you don't and it turns
out it's true in partners and channel to
right so you can't get you can't get in
the door of Salesforce or Shopify if you
don't have that relationship but you
better freaking staff it up or you're
wasting all your founder energy if you
don't have fulltime backing up those BJ
relationships so thank you can I ask you
the last question Jason yes yes I had on
a quity mail SAS so we're at about
600k I'm a one person shop now my CD
quit last year Sam Alman said you could
go to a billion why would you hire
anybody if you got to 600k yourself yeah
but my question is what to do first VP
product VP marketing or VP sales BB
marketing okay okay but having I'm G to
tell you exactly why it's a good
question I think it's helpful to other
people I'm pretty certain of my answer
having said all of that I might have
said this earlier in this event I'm not
maybe I didn't say this earli in that
but I've said it many times it's
probably one of the 10 best things I've
ever said on saster because it takes you
years to figure it out yes the right
sequence is VP marketing VP sales VP a
product I'll tell you why I've got some
great saster posts on it we made a cool
chart that people have stolen and reused
without attribution hundreds of times AI
just makes that so much easier that's
the reason I'll tell you why
but the real answer if you have
something like you have hire any great
VP you can ever find but great not good
not because you're tired not because you
need to do sales or you need to do
marketing you do product we'll get there
but if literally you're here and you
meet this and you're too early for a VP
sales or you don't really need a VP a
product today and you meet someone and
you just know this person is a hundred
times better than ever you met find the
money take it out of your own pocket as
a Founder find them so there is a
sequence and I there's a perfect
sequence if you're Capital constrained
for your VPS and I will say that second
but ignore all of it if you find a 10 or
if you have a logarithm scale a five if
you find a five I don't care if you have
no money if you ever find a 10x engineer
a five hire her hire her because she
will build that feature that integration
that thing that that Google wants or
Oracle wants and she will pay for
herself in about eight weeks of 10x if
you've never worked with the 10x Eng
year you don't know what I'm talking
about if you have you know that they're
all a creative they're all a creative
for the icc's and the best VPS are a
creative so if you truly find them and
in your heart of soul you want to get
married that they are the one for you
the one hire them to earlier in the
wrong order okay so that and trust me um
having said all that in a perfect world
if we had unlimited candidates no
problem sourcing them we had a surplus
of a players everything was
easy probably don't want to hire a VP of
sales until you have two reps hitting
quota we've written about this because
99% of BPS of sales get you from rep 3
to 300 they take a process that is
starting to repeat that has order and
the output of that that order is two rep
sitting quota when you have two rep
sitting quota even if it's chaotic even
if it's founder you actually have the
beginning of a process a smart VP sales
will figure out what those two do and
then bring in a third or fourth in the
first 30 days and you're Off to the
Races higher VP sales for you have two
reps hitting
quota hyper risky and so typically that
doesn't happen between one and two
million of Revenue you typically don't
have two reps so you're better off doing
finding two reps yourself getting two to
hit quota and in a perfect world the
next day you'd the VPS Hills if you
could sequence it the day after your
second rep hits quota okay now so that's
usually going to be 1 to two million is
the physics of getting there think about
marketing or demand Jan or growth
whatever you want to call it someone
that's senior not someone that just does
infographics or does tweets but someone
that can do a commit to get you
Revenue I wrote this one of the earliest
saster posts I wrote It's still one of
the best I hired my VP of marketing at
20K Mr it wasn't a week too early okay
one of the old one I'll rewrite it go
read it and I laid out the math and HED
my vpm marketing then just because I
happened to find her but then what I
quickly realized is she got us like we
went from 20 so she joined at 20K so
probably in a year we were at a million
okay or something like that so 20K Mr so
300K to a million plus 700k one way or
another she probably got us 200k of that
plus the pipeline that she built so she
was free wasn't she and she helped me
train the sales team and she did the
collateral and she fixed the marketing
sight but she was a creative so what if
you think about that math for a minute
depending on your growth rate ahe of
someone that will own growth not just
again own an infographic or do one
podcast a month for you but will own a
number they're typically a creative at
20K Mr and your past hat right so
marketing 20K Mr if they're great sales
at 1 to two million head of sales and
then product can vary but I will I I'll
go on a tangent almost like it's a
different question because I will tell
you I see more and more these days the
vpa product hirees screwed up I see it
screwed up and for fun let's talk about
it couple reasons I see the vpa product
screwed up one is old and one is newer
the old reason is most people don't know
what a great vpa product is most
Founders have never worked with one it's
an old thing that I've dusted off a
bunch of times today you got to meet a
great one you got to know a great one
and most Founders if they're in a big
company they worked with a junior
product marketing manager product person
that was super junor J but they never
worked with a game-changing VP a product
that can spend 50 hours a week with the
customers with your workflow with your
integration product with your API fixing
things with your customers figuring out
configurations of your products figuring
out onboarding figuring out how to make
those big customers happy figuring out
how to save them like that is epic
because our products typically even
after four or five million revenue for
most of us they get complicated we start
off with one or two workflows and then
we add some Integrations and then we add
some other features and pretty soon if
you start doing the math I've got 10
Integrations 50 workflows three
different additions this and I start
multiplying you've got 2,000 different
configurations of your product you need
a vpa product to optimize that around
all your other customers and get that
comple that that complexity to the next
level so I find folks try too many
Founders shoot from the hip and think
hey I'll be the head of I'm a product
Vision I just got back from my customer
I I can do product 5 hours a week
because I'm thinking about it 24 hours a
day and you know what happens they miss
all that complexity they miss it all so
they wait too long I see this again and
again and don't do it don't do it but
it's got to be someone that is hyper
customer Centric and knows product for
real ideally actually has managed an
engineering team at some point in their
life they're just magical when you find
the combination so thanks for the
question okay all right let's take a
break thank you for the questions yeah
thank you